Release 2.13.6 (#10942)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.6

### New default option for results storage

See the following pull request for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10925

### Experimental support for enhanced cancellation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specify a default result storage block as a setting
Previously, specifying result storage blocks necessitated changes in the @flow / @task decorator. Now, with [#10925](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10925), a `PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK` setting has been introduced, allowing users to set a default storage block on a work pool or via infra overrides for a deployment. This enhancement enables easier swapping of result storages by just updating the environment in the UI or in your prefect.yaml, eliminating the need to alter your flow source code.
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.6

### New default option for results storage

See the following pull request for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10925

### Experimental support for enhanced cancellation

We're introducing a new experimental feature that will enable more consistent and reliable cancellation of flow runs. 

To enable enhanced cancellation, set the 'PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ENHANCED_CANCELLATION' setting on your worker or agents to `True`:

```bash
prefect config set PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ENHANCED_CANCELLATION=True
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth adding a small blurb to the [docs](https://docs.prefect.io/2.13.5/concepts/flows/?h=cancel#cancel-a-flow-run)?

Author: Yeah, I'll open a separate PR for that.

Author: PR here: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10944

```yaml
- name: my-super-cool-deployment
  entrypoint: some_directory/some_file.py:my_flow
  work_pool:
    name: ecs-pool
    schedule:
      cron: "0 20 * * 1-5"
    job_variables:
      env:
        PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK: s3/my-s3-bucket-block-name
```

This enhancement enables easier swapping of result storages by just updating the environment in the UI or in your prefect.yaml, eliminating the need to alter your flow source code.

See the following pull request for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10925

### Experimental support for enhanced cancellation

We're introducing a new experimental feature that will enable more consistent and reliable cancellation of flow runs. 

To enable enhanced cancellation, set the 'PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ENHANCED_CANCELLATION' setting on your worker or agents to `True`:

```bash
prefect config set PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ENHANCED_CANCELLATION=True
```

> When enabled, you can cancel flow runs where cancellation commonly fails, like if your worker is offline. We will continue to develop enhanced cancellation to improve its reliability and performance. If you encounter any issues, please let us know in Slack or with a Github issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When enabled, you can cancel flow runs where cancellation can fail, such as when your worker is offline. We will continue to develop enhanced cancellation to improve its reliability and performance. If you encounter any issues, please let us know in Slack or with a Github issue.
```

> Note: if you are using the Kubernetes worker, you will need to update your `prefect-kubernetes` installation to `0.3.1`, and if you are using the Cloud Run or Vertex AI workers, you will need to update your `prefect-gcp` installation to `0.5.1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: If you are using the Kubernetes worker, you will need to update your `prefect-kubernetes` installation to `0.3.1`. If you are using the Cloud Run or Vertex AI workers, you will need to update your `prefect-gcp` installation to `0.5.1`.
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.6

### Specify a default result storage block as a setting

Previously, specifying result storage blocks necessitated changes in the `@flow` or `@task` decorator. Now, the `PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK` setting allows users to set a default storage block on a work pool or via job variables for a deployment. For example, to set a default storage block for a deployment via `prefect.yaml`:

```yaml
- name: my-super-cool-deployment
  entrypoint: some_directory/some_file.py:my_flow
  schedule:
    cron: "0 20 * * 1-5"
  work_pool:
    name: ecs-pool
    job_variables:
      env:
        PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK: s3/my-s3-bucket-block-name

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
```

> ```yaml
> - name: my-super-cool-deployment
>   entrypoint: some_directory/some_file.py:my_flow
>   schedule:
>     cron: "0 20 * * 1-5"
>   work_pool:
>     name: ecs-pool
>     job_variables:
>       env:
>         PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK: s3/my-s3-bucket-block-name
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
- name: my-super-cool-deployment
  entrypoint: some_directory/some_file.py:my_flow
  schedule:
    cron: "0 20 * * 1-5"
  work_pool:
    name: ecs-pool
    job_variables:
      env:
        PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK: s3/my-s3-bucket-block-name
```
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: should we specify this as being in the deployment section?

Reviewer: yep - good catch

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.6

### Specify a default result storage block as a setting

Previously, specifying result storage blocks necessitated changes in the `@flow` or `@task` decorator. Now, the `PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK` setting allows users to set a default storage block on a work pool or via job variables for a deployment. For example, to set a default storage block for a deployment via `prefect.yaml`:

> ```yaml
> - name: my-super-cool-deployment
>   entrypoint: some_directory/some_file.py:my_flow
>   work_pool:
>     name: ecs-pool
>     schedule:
>       cron: "0 20 * * 1-5"
>     job_variables:
>       env:
>         PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK: s3/my-s3-bucket-block-name
> ```

Reviewer: whoops
```suggestion
```yaml
- name: my-super-cool-deployment
  entrypoint: some_directory/some_file.py:my_flow
  work_pool:
    schedule:
      cron: "0 20 * * 1-5"
    name: ecs-pool
    job_variables:
      env:
        PREFECT_DEFAULT_RESULT_STORAGE_BLOCK: s3/my-s3-bucket-block-name
```
```

```
This enhancement enables easier swapping of result storages by just updating the environment in the UI or in your `prefect.yaml`, eliminating the need to alter your flow source code.

See the following pull request for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10925

### Experimental support for enhanced cancellation

We're introducing a new experimental feature that will enable more consistent and reliable cancellation of flow runs. 

> To enable enhanced cancellation, set the 'PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ENHANCED_CANCELLATION' setting on your worker or agents to `True`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable enhanced cancellation, set the `PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ENHANCED_CANCELLATION` setting on your worker or agents to `True`:
```

```bash
prefect config set PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ENHANCED_CANCELLATION=True
```

When enabled, you can cancel flow runs where cancellation can fail, such as when your worker is offline. We will continue to develop enhanced cancellation to improve its reliability and performance. If you encounter any issues, please let us know in Slack or with a Github issue.

Note: If you are using the Kubernetes worker, you will need to update your `prefect-kubernetes` installation to `0.3.1`. If you are using the Cloud Run or Vertex AI workers, you will need to update your `prefect-gcp` installation to `0.5.1`.

See the following pull requests for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10920
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10944

### Enhancements
- Add link to Prefect Cloud information in the Prefect UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10909

### Fixes

> - Avoid prompting for remote storage if a global pull step is already defined - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10941

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Avoid `prefect deploy` prompt for remote storage if a global pull step is already defined - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10941
```

### Documentation
- Add a guide for using the Prefect client — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10924
- Remove icons from side nav for improved readability — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10908
- Update deployments tutorial for consistent styling — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10911
- Fix typo in CLI command in deployments tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10937
- Fix typo in logging guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10936
- Update documentation styling  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10913

> ## Contributors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Contributors
```

* @Sun-of-a-beach made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10937
- @manaw

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
